[MUSIC]
Module four is about using Python to
control the hardware in the Raspberry Pi.
Now, a lot of this hardware control is
stuff that we've seen in the Arduino
already.
When we looked through the Arduino we
talked about how you write a C or C + +
sketch to control the GPIO and to make
things happen inside of the Raspberry Pi.
How do you get pulse
with modulation working?
How do you get I2C working?
Things like this using C.
We did this in Arduino.
Now, with Raspberry Pi we're gonna do
a lot of the same things in Python.
So we just gonna talk about how in
Python do you use Python code to control
the general purpose IO and
the other functionalities on the Raspberry
Pi that directly control hardware.
Also, so
a lot of this is gonna be replicating
stuff that we already did in Arduino,
we'll just be doing it in Raspberry Pi.
But also we'll touch on some stuff
that you can't do in Arduino.
Because we have an operating
system in Raspberry Pi, and so
that gives you the possibility
to do a lot of other things.
And so we'll look at that, we'll look
at for instance graphic user interface,
we'll touch on that.
Graphic user interface is supported by an
operating system, so you can use a graphic
user interface and control the hardware
through it, or something like that.
And we'll talk about that too.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]